Implementation exercise: Crazy Queue implementation. Implement a Queue utility (interface MyQueue.java) taking into account following restriction: you can only use two stacks for the internal implementation of the queue! no other data structures are allowed!  Demonstrate the working of your queue implementation with a simple client that uses 3 queues with different types of elements.
Implementation exercise: Crazy Stack implementation. Implement a Stack utility (interface MyStack.java ) taking into account following restriction: you can only use two queues for the internal implementation of the stack! no other data structures are allowed!  Demonstrate the working of your stack implementation with a simple client that uses 3 stacks with different types of elements.
StackClient3: Write a stack transformation algorithm that starts with a stack containing n integer elements and finishes with the same elements in the same stack, but with the element that was at the bottom of the stack moved to the top, and all other elements moved down one position. The transformation algorithm must handle the Stack only by its public interface (it  cannot acces directly implementation details of the stack).  For example: if the initial stack is [7, 3, 1, 9, 6, 8]  then after transformation the stack is [3, 1, 9, 6, 8, 7]. Hint: you may use another helper stack in your transformation algorithm.
StackClient7: Matching delimiters. Another application of matching delimiters is in the validation of markup languages such as HTML. HTML is the standard format for hyperlinked documents on the Internet.  In an HTML document, portions of text are delimited by HTML tags. A simple opening HTML tag has the form “<name>” and the corresponding closing tag has the form “</name>”. A well-formed HTML document must have matching tags properly nested. Write a program that prompts the user for the name of a html file, which it then checks for matching tags and properly nested tags. Hint: the same as matching paranthesises
